# Overview
This is a 3D game that was built in two and a half weeks for a school project. The core experience of our game is a medium stress, level-based, single player game, that challenges a player dexterity and reaction time and driven by the goal of delivering presents to houses while avoiding obstacles. The target audience is for achievers who are casual gamers in the Christmas spirit and want a fun, cute experience without investing a ton of time into it. Our vision was to create a fun, festive, game that appealed to players who is an achiever but not too competitive. 

# Description
In our game, the player takes the role of Santa Claus working to deliver presents to houses the night before Christmas Day. The player must use the Control and Option keys throw presents left and right at houses while avoiding obstacles consisting of string lights with ornaments hanging on them. For each level, players must deliver enough presents to total 200 points in order to continue on to the next level. Hitting a roof is worth 20 points, while hitting a chimney is 100 points. Individual roofs and chimneys cannot be hit more than once. Additionally, hitting the roof or chimney of a house with a smoking chimney will result in the loss of 20 points. Again, players cannot hit the same smoking chimney house more than once. Players have a limited amount of presents they can shoot, which strategically decreases with each level. Finally, hitting obstacles results in the loss of a life, and players only have three lives before they die and must restart the level. As the levels progress, Santa’s speed increases, the snow density increases, and the obstacles become more numerous and tricky to avoid. 

# Contributors
This game was built by Sally Carlson, Izzy Chavira, and Claire Collver for DIS Study Abroad core course in Game Development: Programming and Practice. All assets were found on the unity asset store.
